README.md, before:

# French Learning Platform

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Installation & Setup](#installation--setup)
  - [1. Clone the Repository](#1-clone-the-repository)
  - [2. Install Dependencies](#2-install-dependencies)
  - [3. Configure Environment Variables](#3-configure-environment-variables)
  - [4. Running the Application](#4-running-the-application)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Known Issues](#known-issues)
- [Future Improvements](#future-improvements)
- [License](#license)

---

## Introduction
The **French Learning Platform** is an interactive web application designed to help users learn French through structured lessons, quizzes, and vocabulary exercises. The platform features a modern UI, responsive design, and a seamless user experience with progress tracking.

---

## Features
- **User Authentication:** Secure login and account management.
- **Interactive Lessons:** Engaging French learning modules.
- **Quizzes & Exercises:** Practice vocabulary and grammar.
- **Progress Tracking:** Track lesson completion and scores.
- **Customizable UI Components:** Modular and reusable design.
- **Responsive Design:** Fully optimized for all screen sizes.

---

## Tech Stack
### **Frontend:**
- Next.js (React Framework)
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- ShadCN/UI (UI Library)
- Framer Motion (Animations)

### **Backend:**
- Node.js (For API endpoints, if applicable)
- Express.js (Optional, for server-side functionality)
- MongoDB / PostgreSQL (Optional, for storing progress and user data)

### **Dev Tools:**
- PNPM (Package Management)
- ESLint & Prettier (Code Linting and Formatting)
- Vercel (Deployment)
- GitHub Actions (CI/CD Automation)

---

## Installation & Setup

### **1. Clone the Repository**
```bash
# Using HTTPS
git clone https://github.com/your-username/french-learning.git

# Using SSH
git clone git@github.com:your-username/french-learning.git

cd french-learning

2. Install Dependencies

# Install dependencies using PNPM or NPM
pnpm install
# or
npm install

3. Configure Environment Variables

Create a .env file in the root directory and add the following:

NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:3000/api
NEXT_PUBLIC_JWT_SECRET=your_secret_key

4. Running the Application

# Start the development server
pnpm run dev
# or
npm run dev

Visit http://localhost:3000 in your browser.

---

Deployment

The French Learning Platform can be easily deployed on platforms like Vercel or Netlify. The steps include:
	1.	Connect Repository: Link the GitHub repository to your Vercel or Netlify account.
	2.	Set Environment Variables: Configure the required .env variables in the platform.
	3.	Build and Deploy: Automatically build and deploy the frontend upon push to the main branch.
	4.	Monitoring and Logging: Use Vercel’s monitoring tools for real-time performance insights.

---

Known Issues
	•	UI Glitches on Mobile Devices: Some UI components may not scale properly on smaller screens.
	•	Slow Initial Load: Optimize image assets and minimize API calls.
	•	Token Expiry Issues: Ensure JWT tokens refresh properly.
	•	Form Validation Errors: Review input handling for better UX.

---

Future Improvements
	•	Offline Mode: Enable offline lessons and quizzes.
	•	Gamification: Add badges, rewards, and achievement milestones.
	•	AI-Powered Feedback: Provide personalized lesson recommendations.
	•	Dark Mode Support: Allow users to switch between light and dark modes.
	•	Multilingual Interface: Expand to other languages for accessibility.

---

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

refactor README.md for clarity and improved formatting of backend, deployment, known issues, and future improvements sections

README.md, after:

# French Learning Platform

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Installation & Setup](#installation--setup)
  - [1. Clone the Repository](#1-clone-the-repository)
  - [2. Install Dependencies](#2-install-dependencies)
  - [3. Configure Environment Variables](#3-configure-environment-variables)
  - [4. Running the Application](#4-running-the-application)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Known Issues](#known-issues)
- [Future Improvements](#future-improvements)
- [License](#license)

---

## Introduction
The **French Learning Platform** is an interactive web application designed to help users learn French through structured lessons, quizzes, and vocabulary exercises. The platform features a modern UI, responsive design, and a seamless user experience with progress tracking.

---

## Features
- **User Authentication:** Secure login and account management.
- **Interactive Lessons:** Engaging French learning modules.
- **Quizzes & Exercises:** Practice vocabulary and grammar.
- **Progress Tracking:** Track lesson completion and scores.
- **Customizable UI Components:** Modular and reusable design.
- **Responsive Design:** Fully optimized for all screen sizes.

---

## Tech Stack
### **Frontend:**
- Next.js (React Framework)
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- ShadCN/UI (UI Library)
- Framer Motion (Animations)

### **Backend:**
- Node.js: Used for building API endpoints and backend logic.
- Express.js: Optional, can be used for additional server-side functionality if needed.
- MongoDB or PostgreSQL (Both are supported for storing progress and user data. Choose one based on your preference during setup.)

### **Dev Tools:**
- PNPM (Package Management)
- ESLint & Prettier (Code Linting and Formatting)
- Vercel (Deployment)
- GitHub Actions (CI/CD Automation)

---

## Installation & Setup

### **1. Clone the Repository**
```bash
# Using HTTPS
git clone https://github.com/your-username/french-learning.git

# Using SSH
git clone git@github.com:your-username/french-learning.git

cd french-learning

2. Install Dependencies

# Install dependencies using PNPM or NPM
pnpm install
# or
npm install

3. Configure Environment Variables

Create a .env file in the root directory and add the following:

NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:3000/api
NEXT_PUBLIC_JWT_SECRET=<your_secret_key>

4. Running the Application

# Start the development server
pnpm run dev
# or
npm run dev

Visit http://localhost:3000 in your browser.

---

Deployment

The French Learning Platform is officially recommended to be deployed on **Vercel** for its seamless integration with Next.js. However, it can also be deployed on platforms like Netlify. The steps include:
	1.	Connect Repository: Link the GitHub repository to your Vercel or Netlify account.
	2.	Set Environment Variables: Configure the required .env variables in the platform.
	3.	Build and Deploy: Automatically build and deploy the frontend upon push to the main branch.
	4.	Monitoring and Logging: Use Vercel’s monitoring tools for real-time performance insights.

---

Known Issues
	- UI Glitches on Mobile Devices: Some UI components may not scale properly on smaller screens.
	- Slow Initial Load: Optimize image assets and minimize API calls.
	- Token Expiry Issues: Ensure JWT tokens refresh properly.
	- Form Validation Errors: Review input handling for better UX.

---

Future Improvements
	- Offline Mode: Enable offline lessons and quizzes.
	- Gamification: Add badges, rewards, and achievement milestones.
	- AI-Powered Feedback: Provide personalized lesson recommendations.
	- Dark Mode Support: Allow users to switch between light and dark modes.
	- Multilingual Interface: Expand to other languages for accessibility.

---

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.
